Sort employees by their salary in descending order.
Find the employee with the highest age.
Check if there are any employees with a salary above 100,000.
Get a list of employees' names only.
Find the employee with the lowest salary.
Check if all employees are from the same department.
Get the department with the most employees.
Find the youngest employee.
Calculate the sum of salaries for employees in the IT department.
Check if there is any employee with an age below 25.
Find the employee with the longest name.
Group employees by their age.
Check if any employee has a name ending with "son".
Find the employee with the lowest age.
Filter employees whose salary is between 50,000 and 75,000.
Check if there is any employee with a name longer than 10 characters.
Find the employee with the highest salary in the HR department.
Get a list of employees' ages only.
Find the employee with the lowest salary in the IT department.
Check if all employees' names start with the same letter.
Find the department with the highest average salary.
Get a list of employees' salaries only.
Find the employee with the highest salary in the Sales department.
Check if any employee has a name containing the letter "x".
Find the department with the most employees above the age of 40.
Get a list of employees' departments only.
Find the employee with the lowest salary in the HR department.
Check if all employees have a salary above 30,000.
Find the department with the highest number of employees above the age of 50.
Get a list of employees' names in uppercase.
Find the employee with the highest salary in the Marketing department.
Check if any employee has a name consisting only of digits.
Find the department with the most employees below the age of 30.
Get a list of employees' names in lowercase.
Find the employee with the highest salary in the Finance department.
Check if all employees have a name containing at least one vowel.
Find the department with the most employees with a salary above 80,000.
Get a list of employees' names in reverse order.
Find the employee with the highest salary in the Engineering department.